In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, this repository must have a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") on file that has been noticed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of this project; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to this repository. Except for the license granted herein for use in this project, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

Definitions.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with this CLA. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to this repository for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by this repository (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any accepted pull request with an acknowledgement to the CLA agreement.

Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation. You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.